---
title: Q1 Update
description: What I watched in January, February, and March in 2024.
date: 2024-04-01
---
The beginning of the year is a great time to hunker down, stay warm, and hibernate. With a little one arriving in May, my wife and I have been watching a lot of TV and movies together. Check out the footnotes for general life updates like home renovations[^1] and car stuff[^2].

## Music
- _Cowboy Carter_ by Beyoncé is phenomenal. I’ll be flabbergasted if it doesn’t win Album of the Year.
- _Tigers Blood_ by Waxahatchee is an instant classic.
- _Ultimatum (Expanded Edition)_ by The Long Winters reminds me why I love music.

Anticipating new music from The Decemberists, Vampire Weekend, and Iron & Wine later this year.

## TV
**March**
- _Fargo_ (season 1 and 2) is in the pantheon of “greatest shows of all-time” for sure.

**February**
- _Scavengers Reign_ is beautiful (and also grotesque). Incredible.
- _Mr. & Mrs. Smith_ was a fun ride. First episode felt a bit slow, maybe? Donald Glover and Maya Erskine were awesome together.
- _The Afterparty_ (season 1) was a fun whodunnit with a great cast. Gotta love ~~Richard Splett~~ Sam Richardson.

**January**
- _All Creatures Great & Small_ (season 4) never disappoints and is a routine post-holiday “feel good” show for the wife and I.
- _Queer Eye_ is always fun to watch, it’s one of the only reality shows I will stick around for. (I know it’s a common joke but _please_ give Bobby more airtime.)
- _BEEF_ (season 1) holy shit we loved this.
- _For All Mankind_ (season 4) does not disappoint. Can’t wait for next season.
- _Yellowjackets_ (season 2) was fine. Season 1 was engrossing but it feels like there’s not a ton of mystery left?
- _The Curse_ was outstanding. I know it’s divisive but I think it’s absolutely brilliant. If you want more _Nathan for You_, this is not for you.
- _Star Wars: Visions_ (season 2) continues to inspire me with its diverse art styles from around the world. It is _phenomenal_. It single-handedly gives me hope that Disney will someday make a good Star Wars movie — they just need to let creators do what they want (instead of trying to redo the Marvel playbook).
- _Slow Horses_ (season 3) is a gem and a must-see. I am usually anti-binge but I watched this in a single sitting.
- _Fisk_ is a fun lil Australian Office-like.

## Movies
We watched most Best Picture nominations this year and were deliberately trying to watch more film. TV can be a bit of a drag sometimes. Each episode tends to feel like an _appetizer_ where a movie is a _meal_.

**March**
- _Midsommar_ I should not have watched this. I was home alone for the weekend and it freaked me out. This is a disturbing (yet somehow beautiful) movie that left me thinking for days.
- _Napoleon_ had exciting war scenes, sets, costumes, etc. I’m glad I watched it. Not a “must see” but it was entertaining.
- _Dune: Part Two_ was a masterclass of cinema. We saw this in IMAX and were blown away.
- _Poor Things_ was odd, delightful, and excellently done. I loved the style and world they created for this film and glad Emma won another Oscar.
- _Wonka_ (2024) was bad. I expected to learn how Wonka went from a fun-loving chocolate maker to a maniacal recluse. Instead Timothée Chalamet _tries_ being silly as an indentured servant. If 80% of your runtime is about laundry, you know you’ve screwed up. A few nice moments but overall a huge miss. (Also a main character’s name is Noodle. Noodle!)

**February**
- _Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3_ was fine. Good ending to the series I guess. _Thor Ragnorok_ and _Guardians 1_ were lightning-in-a-bottle and their sequels have all been a letdown.
- _Jenny Slate: Seasoned Professional_ was incredibly funny. This was the first time we had watched her standup. I only knew her from _Parks & Rec_.
- _Paterson_ (2016): very random but I was in a hotel room so I had nothing else going on. Dan Benjamin mentioned it in [_Back to Work 638_](https://www.backtowork.limo/638) so I gave it a shot. Slow and sleepy but a nice slice of life.
- _Oppenheimer_ (rewatch). I watched this with my parents (it was their first viewing) and as soon as credits rolled both of them went “woah” and that’s when I knew it’d win Best Picture.
- _American Fiction_ was excellent. Jeffrey Wright and the whole cast were outstanding.
- _Princess Mononoke_: I’m slowly watching all the Ghibli/Miyazaki movies. This one’s surprisingly violent! Beautiful animation.
- _Asteroid City_: I am a longtime fan of Wes Anderson but this movie just made me angry. Everything about this production is world-class: cast, costume, and designs; but the story had no heart. I felt _nothing_.

**January**
- _Anatomy of a Fall_ was a great mystery. It played with the timeline of events really well. The courtroom scenes, while probably not realistic, were exceptional.
- _May December_ had terrific performances by Portman and Moore. The ending felt a bit anticlimactic. The ending made us think, “wait, that’s it?”
- _Maestro_ is world-class. Bradley did good. The scene where he’s conducting in the cathedral was incredible. Classical music FTW.
- _Killers of the Flower Moon_ was outstanding. I read the book a few years ago and thought Marty did a great job adapting it into a riveting story. Like _Oppenheimer_ you’d have no idea this was 3 hours long, it flew by.

## Books
- _Shift_ (book 2 of _Silo_ series)

## Theater
- We saw _Hamilton_ in Chicago. I listened to the soundtrack a bunch in 2020 and saw the Disney Plus version. My parents and brother went in cold turkey and we all had a blast. Angelica (Lencia Kebede) and King George III (Paul Louis Lessard) were fantastic. It’s tough comparing to the original cast but those two were standouts.
- _The Witch_ (Krannert Center for the Performing Arts) was a modern and fun retelling of _The Witch_ from the 1600s.

[^1]: We renovated our home offices, removing the 1970s faux wood paneling and dropped acoustic panel ceiling. This allowed us to vault the ceilings, raising it about 5 feet. I still need to do sound dampening and decorating but it’s a nice improvement.

[^2]: We said goodbye to our 2015 Subaru Forester (with only 60,000 miles!). We bought a lightly used 2021 RAV4 Prime plug-in hybrid. It feels like the future: so many fancy safety features. The 40 mile all-EV mode is wonderful for daily errands. Then the gas engine is there for long-distance trips. Best of both worlds. Charging infrastructure is sparse in Illinois and we’re a 1-car family so we could not justify going all-in on a full EV, _yet_.
